Nodejs cpp (#226)
aspose-pdf/Aspose.PDF-Documentation: nodejs-cpp/overview/system-requirements/_index.md

---
title: System Requirements of Aspose.PDF for Node.js
linktitle: System Requirements
type: docs
weight: 30
url: /nodejs-cpp/system-requirements/
description: This section lists the supported operating systems that a developer needs to successfully work with Aspose.PDF for Node.js via C++.
lastmod: "2022-12-13"
sitemap:
    changefreq: "weekly"
    priority: 0.7
---

## Overview

To process PDF documents using the [Aspose.PDF for Node.js via C++](https://products.aspose.com/pdf/nodejs-cpp/), doesn't need third-party libraries and programs.

> Requires installed [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/). You must have Node.js version 16 or higher, but it is better to use the current supported versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requires installed [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/). You must have Node.js version 16 or higher. We strongly recommend using LTS versions.
```
